this isn't Hawaii no mrs. Khan guitars
have a swinger ring there's been a
fucker I need to talk to you about my
transmitter being gonna be a transfer
way to the lab for PIL PIL out of
information so hey let's just what we
need no public information get up you're
through to you piece of shit what
exactly are regarding the album again
it's the US Army that's what we do
regard things you're here as long as the
Army says you I ensure a chasing my
teammate
this place is classic you're not gonna
fuck up as if you do I will shoot you
with my army issued colt 45 he'll make a
run for it after dark ain't no dark for
three months dumbass you ever wonder
what we're really doing here this place
me down features don't even think about
it
and finally we thank you for the well
being of our newest arrival 1200 Martin
theory there's been a